secure_storage: fix Kconfig dependencies (#86181)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-4.1.rst

  additional ``user_data`` parameter, which is a void pointer. This parameter can be used to reference
  any user-defined data structure. To maintain the current behavior, set this parameter to ``NULL``.

Secure Storage
==============

* Backends no longer automatically enable their dependencies through ``select`` or ``imply``. Users
  must ensure that the depencies are enabled in their applications. For example,
  :kconfig:option:`SECURE_STORAGE_ITS_STORE_IMPLEMENTATION_SETTINGS` requires

>   :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS` to be enabled elsewhere.

Reviewer: My point here was to explicitly state that `CONFIG_SECURE_STORAGE_ITS_STORE_IMPLEMENTATION_SETTINGS` would automatically enable the *NVS* settings backend, so that the users are aware of what used to be the default if they hadn't changed it.

>   :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS` to be enabled elsewhere.

Author: Can you provide the wording you want? Anything I can think of is sort of redundant due to the "no longer automatically enable their dependencies" in the first sentence. Seems kind of self explanatory to me.

  additional ``user_data`` parameter, which is a void pointer. This parameter can be used to reference
  any user-defined data structure. To maintain the current behavior, set this parameter to ``NULL``.

Secure Storage
==============

* Store backends no longer automatically enable their dependencies through ``select`` or ``imply``.
  Users must ensure that the depencies are enabled in their applications. For example,

>   :kconfig:option:`SECURE_STORAGE_ITS_STORE_IMPLEMENTATION_SETTINGS` requires

Reviewer: You're missing the `CONFIG_` prefix on two Kconfig options:
```suggestion
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SECURE_STORAGE_ITS_STORE_IMPLEMENTATION_SETTINGS` requires
```

>   Users must ensure that the depencies are enabled in their applications. For example,
>   :kconfig:option:`SECURE_STORAGE_ITS_STORE_IMPLEMENTATION_SETTINGS` requires
>   :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS` and :kconfig:option:`SECURE_STORAGE_ITS_STORE_IMPLEMENTATION_ZMS`
>   requires :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ZMS` (:github:`86181`).

Reviewer: Something like
```suggestion
  Users must now ensure that the dependencies are enabled in their applications.
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SECURE_STORAGE_ITS_STORE_IMPLEMENTATION_SETTINGS` previously enabled NVS and settings, which means the NVS settings backend would get used by default if ZMS wasn't enabled. (:github:`86181`)
```
